Dre: After taking the risk
of not going to college,
Junior was doing
pretty good for himself.
So, now when he comes over
with his new roommates,
it's actually nice.
Hey! What's up?
-Hey!
-Hi, guys!
-What's going on, young fella?
-Hi.
Junior was finally
taking after me.
For the first time in his life,
he was cool.
I could see myself
hanging out with Junior --
in public.
I'd be willing to take pictures
and everything.
I have to confess...
Mm-hmm?
I am so proud of the man
that Junior has become.
So am I!
I know, I know!
Two Black friends
at the same time?
Two.
Two!
Oh, we've waited
for this!
Whew.
Uh, hey, babe?
Yeah.
I bought some
bubbly water yesterday.
Did you move it?
Unh-unh.
Look behind
the orange juice.
I can't.
There isn't
any orange juice.
What?
There isn't any cheese,
and the soy sauce
is missing.
Unh-unh.
I bought soy sauce
yesterday, babe.
Wait a minute.
Baby, there's --
there's no cereal,
there's no honey.
What?
And is the sponge missing?
Where's the soap?
Where's the --
where's the --
Baby,
check the laundry room.
Okay, okay, okay,
I'm checking.
There's nothing down here!
The only thing in here
is a sock and dryer lint.
Where'd everything go?
♪ Every day I'm hustling,
hustling, hustling ♪
It was an
"Ocean's Eleven"-style set up
from the jump.
[ Watch beeps ]
And his boys were in on it.
Hey, guys!
Those friendly smiles
were just to disarm us.
♪ Every day I'm hustling ♪
♪ Who you suckers think
you're tripping with? ♪
♪ Yes, I'm the boss ♪
It was an inside job.
Junior knew exactly
where we kept all the stuff
broke kids never buy.
Toilet paper,
canned goods, cinnamon.
♪ We keep on coming back ♪
♪ I'm into distribution ♪
♪ I'm like Atlantic ♪
They basically grabbed
the kitchen by the ankle
and shook it.
♪ I know Pablo ♪
♪ Pablo ♪
♪ Noriega ♪
♪ The real Noriega,
he owe me a hundred favors ♪
♪ Every day
I'm hustling ♪
I've got to give it up
to them,
they were smooth.
♪ Every day I'm hustling ♪
Babe!
We've been jacked!
♪♪
When did they go upstairs?
I don't know.
My in-shower moisturizing gel
is missing.
Do you know
what that means?
That your feet are gonna
cut me in the night?
No, that means
they went "in shower"!
How did they know
I wasn't up there naked?
Because you were down here.
I still feel violated.
Okay.
They took the dried mangos.
Oh, no, man, nah.
That wasn't part of the deal.
What are you
talking about?
[ Sighs ]
I wasn't gonna snitch,
but now I'm eating
plantain chips like a jerk,
so screw it.
Junior lost his job
with the Migos.
What?
[ Door closes ]
He can tell you.
You lost your job?
They took the mangos,
didn't they?
Ya think?
I swear...
Hey, Junior,
when did this happen?
Uh...
Like, a couple of weeks ago,
I guess.
I mean, there wasn't really
any paperwork.
Offset kind of
just walked up to me
and said, "Whomp, whomp,"
and patted me on the back.
So, you were lying to us?
Well, I thought I was gonna
find something else by now.
But I have not.
So you steal my almond-oil
moisturizing gel?
How am I supposed
to exfoliate my back, son?
With my hands?
Like the cavemen did?!
Okay, feels like you guys
are putting out an energy
that says
I should give you some space,
so I'm gonna be
out by the pool.
The pool is for people
who live here,
and you chose
not to live here.
But, Mom,
I'm -- I'm trying --
Junior,
you made a decision.
You said you could
handle the real world,
so it seems like
you shouldn't be swimming,
and you should be
working on your life.
And you will learn
that an in-shower moisturizer
is a working man's
pleasure.
Get out of here,
Junior.
Go.
[ Sighs ]
Look at you and me,
on the same page
for an old-fashioned
Junior takedown.
[ Laughs ]
Ah! You had my back.
Mm.
Even though
it's not exfoliated.
Earl,
you need to hear this.
If this is about
that "Hamilton" soundtrack,
I'll say it one more time --
everyone doesn't have
to like everything.
Jack, tell the old man
what you told me.
I had this crazy dream
last night.
Mm-hmm.
So, I'm at a Lakers game,
and LeBron was wearing
the number 12.
That's not his number.
Exactly!
And then I saw there were
12 people on the court.
And then there were
12 people in the stands,
which is not enough people.
That's a lot of 12s.
Earl,
you know what this means?
I think he's got
The Gift.
You mean...The Gift?
What is this "gift"?
Ruby: Okay.
In my family,
every few generations,
there's someone
who has the gift
for predicting the future.
The last one to have it
was my Aunt Georgia.
She predicted
the Miracle on Ice.
I was the first Black man
to make money off hockey.
There's your headstone.
All right, Earl,
now, you need to take this,
find Loose Craig,
and put it all on 12.
I ain't played the ponies
or the numbers in weeks.
I'm off gambling.
Lynette has me wanting
to be a better man.
Not just on the inside.
On the outside,
where the laws are.
Earl, come on,
think of the good times!
I'm sorry, Ruby,
I can't do it.
All right,
suit yourself.
I'll find Loose Craig
on my own.
All right?
All right.
Is he still
selling those phone cases
down at the swap meet?
How am I supposed to know?
Ah, yeah, I'll find him.
♪♪
So, we sent Junior home.
Then I sent him a picture
of me in the pool
just to rub it in.
Charlie,
I don't even know how to swim.
[ Both laugh ]
I tell you,
all that chlorine,
it'll --
it'll change you.
I remember when I first started
living on my own.
I had four roommates, man.
My bedroom was a closet.
There were weeks
that I survived on nothing
but a pound of burger meat
and two cans of beans.
Well, aren't you fancy?
[ Chuckles ]
Beans and meat?
Yes.
All I had was toast.
Damn.
Yeah.
Makes you appreciate it
when you finally make it,
though.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, it does.
Uh-huh.
[ Toaster pops ]
Oh! [ Laughs ]
Yeah,
I'm glad those days
are way, way, way,
way behind us.
[ Both chuckling ]
Must suck to be Junior,
huh?
Ah, sure does.
Yeah, he isn't gonna know
what's coming at him.
No, he doesn't.
Yeah,
he's gonna crash and burn,
stop that
Johnson generational wealth
right in its tracks.
Okay, Charlie,
Junior is not going to
crash and burn, okay?
He is going to grow and learn,
like us.
No, he is not.
Junior didn't
grow up broke.
He's a tender bird.
Like one of those penguins
whose parents die
so it gets nursed to adulthood
by humans
until they think he's big enough
to go out on his own.
So they set him free
on the ice,
and then a seal eats him
on day one,
then Morgan Freeman
tells us
it's just the way of the world
and we shouldn't cry.
[ Voice breaking ] But Morgan
doesn't know my emotions.
O...Okay. Uh...
Junior isn't ready, Dre!
You got to protect
that boy!
You got to save him
in a way
that Morgan
couldn't save Pongo.
Who?
They fed him out of
a baby bottle, Dre!
Okay.
Like -- like,
why would you --
why would you do that?
Excuse me.
♪♪
So, Charlie made me think
that perhaps Junior
wasn't prepared
for a life of
syrup sandwiches.
Which is why I invited him over
to give him a few pointers
to help him survive
life on the ice.
You know,
now that I don't have a job,
how am I supposed
to buy furniture?
Hey, man, if you got
milk crates and plywood,
you got furniture.
Cool.
Mm-hmm.
What's a milk crate?
[ Door opens ]
Bad news
for your fantasy team, Dre!
What?
I did surgery
on your running back.
Mm.
What is he doing here?
Um...
he's just hanging out.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Sure, babe.
Okay.
[ Clears throat ]
Excuse me, son.
I thought we were
on the same page, Dre.
[ Sniffs ]
For fun, um,
could you remind me
what page that is again?
The one that says
that he will not
treat our home
like the Four Seasons.
Okay.
We should be bucking him up,
not giving him room service.
Okay, okay, same page.
Thank you.
United front.
Thank you so much.
All right. Uh, son.
Mm-hmm?
Uh, thank you
for coming by
for this short visit
that's ending with you
still broke and hungry.
Oh, cool.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, all right.
Thank you, man.
Is that cash?
Huh?!
Oh, my God.
Really?
Babe! Okay!
Okay, babe, I'm sorry,
it's the boy's fault!
Man, how do you mess up
the dap cash pass, huh?
How do you pay
your barber?
Venmo.
What?
Junior,
get out of here!
Get out of here,
Junior!
Get out! Get out!!
♪♪
I thought we agreed about
how we were gonna handle this.
Babe,
I was talking to Charlie --
That's not how convincing
arguments start.
Junior is not built
for this.
What?
You bought organic
his entire life.
One package of Top Ramen
is gonna send his body
into shock.
I know what happens
to young men
who don't have
a lot of boundaries.
Mm-hmm.
Look at my brother
Johan.
He still thinks
that hitchhiking
is a legitimate form
of transportation.
Mm-hmm.
We got to hold the line
with Junior.
We got to hold the line,
babe.
Okay, babe, I...
I will hold the line.
Thank you.
I will no longer
love Junior.
Dre --
Huh.
Well, that went down easy.
All leather, all day.
Look at that.
Top, bottom, and inside.
Hey!
Each panel
from an Italian cow
raised on wine
and Sinatra.
[ Chuckles ]
Damn, these fakes
are getting real good.
Is this a Doobey and Durke?
How dare you besmirch
a gift from The Gift?
[ Chuckles ]
Jack's dream number hit.
Wait, my magic
got Grandma a purse?
Oh, honey,
not just a purse.
Look at that.
Hey!
Well, damn.
So, Jack got lucky once.
Stop hating.
I --
Listen to me.
Did you have another dream
last night?
Jack: I did.
Okay, so, look,
I'm a giant hot dog.
Mustard, ketchup --
I'm talking the works.
So no one's
gonna say anything.
I'm the jerk?
Okay, look at this.
Look at this.
There are three horses
in this race
named after hot dogs.
Oscar Mayer, Weiner's Circle,
and Pork 'n' Beans.
Now, with three horses,
you could win the --
The Trifecta!
I could pay for the wedding
with this!
Yeah, and not
have to have a cash bar.
Nope.
I'm living clean.
If you need me
for something else,
I'll be in the back
having a drink.
♪♪
So, for the sake of my son,
I needed to treat him
like a stranger.
Unfortunately, Junior still
knows where I work.
Hey.
What are you
doing here?
Well, you know, I haven't been
to the office in a while,
and I just wanted to say
what's up to the crew.
[ Chuckles ]
Mm-hmm.
Hey, guys!
Hey! Why didn't we deactivate
his passcard, huh?
Who do I need to fire?
Look,
I'm having an emergency.
My car has a flat,
and I just need to borrow
a little cash to fix it.
Son,
you know I can't do that.
You're an adult now,
and it's up to you
to handle it.
Hey, but in doing so,
you might find out
that you're a lot stronger
than what you think.
Wow.
You know, I thought
I needed a sandwich,
but it turns out
I just needed
one of your pep talks.
Bring it in, big guy.
Alright, hey.
You know the way out.
♪♪
Man alive, Dre.
Your son has that
"I just got cut off" look.
Like when my second wife
realized
there wouldn't be another ferry
off the island.
Yeah. You know what?
Bow and I decided
not to give him
any more handouts.
Mm.
But I worry about Junior.
Oh, my God.
Am I worried
about Junior?
Oh, wait,
I have an idea.
Okay, you know, there's a --
a tiny social media project
that just came across my desk.
Too small for us,
but Junior, I think,
would be great for it.
Hmm.
I, too, have a lot of work
that I don't feel like doing
and could perhaps benefit
your son's journey.
Okay.
For example, my gutters.
That driver's test.
Finding out
how far behind I am
with work as Dean
of a local university...
Charlie's crazy,
but Josh's idea
to give Junior a leg up
instead of a handout
just might be the thing
to keep Bow and me
on the same page.
Hey, babe, I fixed Junior.
All right?
There's this client at work
that has
this terrible project,
and I'm gonna help him get it
so we don't
have to worry anymore.
When are you gonna stop
helping Junior?
Oh, see, babe,
I'm not "helping" helping.
[ Stammering ]
Like -- It's like
we're moving a table, right?
And you're wondering
if I'm even lifting up my side.
Don't you see that
he's playing you, Dre?
We're in a position
to ease the way for him, Bow.
This is what progress
looks like.
No, Dre.
This is kicking off
a lifetime of laziness.
So, what am I
supposed to do?
Just sit here
and do nothing?
That's what I've been telling
you to do the whole time.
Well, I don't think
I can do that.
Oh, my God.
We've always said
we would do whatever it takes
to help support our kids,
and now that he actually
needs our help,
you want to abandon him?
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Sighs ]
Who is this?
Ahh...
Oh.
Ah.
Hey, guys!
You might want to come
take a look at something.
[ Snoring ]
Are you happy now?
He's homeless.
Yeah. I am.
♪♪
Oh, I see!
It's just your son
sleeping in the car
like a homeless person,
not an actual
homeless person.
Okay.
Okay, I got to go amend
my NextDoor post
because I --
[imitates typing]
I went crazy on you guys.
So, son, how did you end up
sleeping in your car?
Uh, so,
it's a long story.
Junior: I got a parking ticket,
which wasn't my first.
[ Sighs ]
Then I had to use my rent money
to get that boot off,
which led to Rickey and Isaiah
kicking me out.
And since I didn't want
to hit you up anymore,
I decided to sleep
in my car.
Like a man.
[ Whispering ] Hello, 911?
It's Janine again.
Yeah,
we've got a situation.
No, I promise
this time it's real.
And Black.
So, I guess it wasn't
that long of a story.
Well, I'm gonna get caught up
with your mother.
Head upstairs
and take a shower.
Whew. Thanks.
I need it.
You know,
there are some things
that you cannot wash
in a sink.
♪♪
Dre: Bow?
Mm-hmm.
What the hell
is going on?
You're happy that your son
is on the street?
Your smile was bigger
than Janine's.
Yeah, he needs this
so he can hit rock bottom.
He's sleeping
in his car.
How much more rock bottom
do you need?
I don't know, maybe he spends
a couple more nights in his car,
and he will regret
not having gone to college.
So that's
what this is about.
Hmm?
Because he didn't
go to college,
you're rooting
for him to fail.
Dre, I'm not rooting
I just want him
to struggle to the point
that things
don't work out for him,
and his stupid hopes and dreams
are crushed.
Mm.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
I'm rooting
for him to fail.
Mm-hmm.
[ Sighs ]
That's not me.
I know.
That's you.
I know,
and it's so weird.
That's very weird.
My God.
Are you okay, babe?
I'm worried, Dre.
I'm worried that he's
throwing everything away
that he worked for,
everything that we worked for.
Mm-hmm.
All for some dream that
I do not understand at all,
and he's -- he's struggling
through it all.
You got to let that go.
You can't control
his decisions.
But they scare me.
Don't you think it's scarier
being 19 years old,
feeling your parents
don't support you?
[ Sighs ] My God.
♪♪
[ Character screeching ]
No! What?!
Hey, Jack, there you are!
Hey, listen,
I've been thinking.
You had any more of them
crazy dream leads lately?
I -- I thought you didn't
gamble anymore, Pops?
Yeah,
that's what I thought, too,
but since you got The Gift,
it's not really gambling,
it's more like
an investment.
I don't know
if I'd trust a hedge fund
managed by Loose Craig.
You know,
you need to go ahead
and play that video game,
little girl.
Now, listen, go ahead,
take a little cat nap,
and if it helps at all,
I'm looking for something
that's related to the Broncos
laying 6 1/2.
Well, I'm in.
Uh, just let me get
some NyQuil.
My man.
Ruby:
Jack, don't bother.
It was all a fluke,
Earl.
I lost big
on those horses.
They didn't
win, place, or show.
Pork 'n' Beans never even
made it to the starting gate.
Just ran wild
through the beer garden.
Wait, they didn't win?
What happened?
You don't have The Gift,
baby.
Hey.
If you don't have The Gift,
that means I almost made
a terrible mistake.
Yep.
You could've blown up
your relationship with Lynette
over nothing.
Oh, I got to go call her.
Let her know
I was thinking about her.
Yeah, you do that.
Now, Jack,
this is very important.
Don't you ever tell your dreams
to anyone again.
You hear me?
That's cool.
Not like I was
super excited about it.
Oh, uh,
if you will excuse me,
I have to go
call Mason and tell him
it's safe for him
to go to the zoo again.
I knew The Gift
wasn't real.
You sure?
Because sometimes,
there's more magic in the world
than you know.
Dang, Grandma!
So, if I looked up
the names of those horses,
would I see
that they won?
You could,
but just know
sometimes the best way
to love someone
is to lie to 'em.
Oh, yeah.
Nice bracelet.
If you have to smell it,
it's dirty.
Don't worry,
I'm not taking anything.
And I've convinced
my roommates
to let me sleep upright
at the kitchen table.
Junior, I just wanted
to come down here
to tell you
that I love you,
and I support you
unconditionally.
I know
it may not seem like it
because it has been
really, really hard for me
to wrap my head around
your decisions of late,
but I wanted you
to hear it from me.
Okay?
Okay, Mom.
And I know I've let you down
a lot lately.
And I put all of my eggs
into a no-college basket,
and I kind of just
kicked that basket
right down the stairs,
which was really stupid,
because I just put all of
my eggs into that basket,
and I really
need those eggs, Mom,
because
I believe in myself,
but things,
they could go terribly.
They could go so bad.
I mean, like "starting to take
SATs for rich kids" bad.
Okay, okay, okay.
Come here, sweetie.
Oh, it's okay.
It's okay, honey.
I love you.
Okay?
Thanks, Mom.
You can stay here
until you get on your feet.
Because that way you can
focus on all of the great things
that I know
you are gonna accomplish.
Okay.
But I promise I'm only gonna
stay here for a little bit.
And while I'm here,
I'm gonna pay rent.
Okay.
Oh. Oh.
Uh...okay.
I -- I kind of just thought
that was gonna be a slide-by.
[ Laughs ]
You know -- you know,
when I, like,
reach for the check,
but you know I'm not
gonna get it, right?
Right.
[ Both laugh ]
I get it.
Cash, check, Venmo,
whatever's easiest, okay?
All right, sweetie.
I love you, honey.
Well, I'm screwed.
♪♪
Why are you in my fridge,
playboy?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, you ain't heard?
I live here now.
What?
Yeah. Mom patched things up
with her special boy.
Seems real happy about it,
too.
But we had you out.
Shh.
Might want to talk
to your girl about that.
Oh, and by the way,
here's the rent, playboy.
$50 wouldn't even pay
for my moisturizer!
♪♪
Now that he lives here,
I kind of hate him again.
Whoo! We're back.